Fixes URL fragments (#16772)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/6/index.md

#### XPCOMUtils.jsm

> - The new [`importRelative()`](/en-US/docs/JavaScript_code_modules/XPCOMUtils.jsm#importRelative) method lets you load one JavaScript code module from a path relative to the path of another JavaScript code module. This makes it easier to build modules that depend on each other.

Author: ```suggestion
- The new [`importRelative()`](<https://contest-server.cs.uchicago.edu/ref/JavaScript/developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/JavaScript_code_modules/XPCOMUtils.html#importRelative()>) method lets you load one JavaScript code module from a path relative to the path of another JavaScript code module. This makes it easier to build modules that depend on each other.
```
